hi my name is Timmy and we're here at
your local Walmart
we're I'm about to teach you to ask a
girl to home come tip number one you can
get down on one knee and you can have an
empty ring box and inside you can say
will you go to homecoming you know she
can't say no to that
so tip number two you can get a fancy
card and then inside you open it you're
right where you go to homecoming
but you cover up the birthday part
unless it's a birthday then it's a
win-win situation but yeah a super
number two tip number three you can get
two nice treatment glasses and right
will you go to homecoming with me and if
she says yes then you pour her favorite
beverage report and there you go
she's my three tips are you can get a
box of chocolates cut it open you know
because all girls love chocolates and
right will you go to homecoming with me
great idea another great idea is you can
get a bag of dum-dums put it on reports
say you'd be a dumb dumb not to go to
homecoming yet okay
next idea is get a bag of lifesavers and
say you would be a lifesaver if you went
to homecoming
last great idea I have put it on our
front porch you know sprinkle them
around now that I'd kiss the ground you
walk on will you go to homecoming with
me another great side tip is make sure
you have enough time because if you're
armed enough time you go my BS way
you know that's a plumber for you so
make sure you just have enough time tip
19 you can get her favorite movie collar
over ask her to watch movie with you
splice it in the middle of it you can
ask her to homecoming there you go
Ted Ted you can get her favorite music
Kidz Bop ultimate hits and you can
splice it again and you can wet part of
the solute to say will you go to
homecoming there you go
another great tip is you can write her a
letter just a piece of paper write a
nice little note put an envelope put it
in the mailbox so for 5 business days
the UPS the United States Postal Service
and you'll have a date homecoming easy
as that now guys the best way to ask the
girl to homecoming this is to find out
where she's at 5 o'clock in the morning
and you got to make sure you look nicely
you got you've got talking you sure you
know you got to make sure you pull oh
looks nice all that nice stuff your hair
make sure not wearing hat that's always
you know not attractive but you find out
what she is and then you ask her in
person